Lesson Goal:

•	Learn the idea of Classification (Unsupervised and Supervised learning).

•	Learn how to use pandas to read a csv dataset.

•	Learn how to use python matplotlib library to print and analyse data.

•	Learn how to calculate the distance between vectors (points)

•	Learn Normalization

•	Implement K-nearest neighbors by python.

•	Learn how to use Python Skit-learn Library to perform KNN.


Background:

Someone holds a machine learning competition in the village, and the winner could win a lot of emeralds. 
There are four zones in the village, only one of which is buried with emeralds, and each contestant has only one 
chance to dig for the treasure. The plants in each area are the key to determining the presence of emeralds. 
Here is the data provided by the organizers so that contestants can find out the relationship between the plants 
and the treasure. Let’s use your robot to collect plants and predict the location of the treasure!



4 start points in the competition:

Treasure 1: [49, 4, -24]
Treasure 2: [36, 4, -26]
Treasure 3: [37, 4, -8]
Treasure 4: [50, 4, -7]



Data: 

Total 220 lines 9:1->train:val

training set: 198 lines

validation set: 22 lines.

Some examples:

Oxeye_daisy   allium   blue_orchid   red_tulip   label

    5            9           10          7         0
  
    11           3           4           10        1
    
    10           5           3           11        1

    4            8           10          7         0

...........


 
Label 1= Emeralds                  Label 0= iron ore



Data to predict: Students will collect the data in the game and use the model to predict the value


Student Objectives:

Use python to build a KNN classification model. 

Use your own model to predict which mine have emeralds.




The difference between supervised learning and unsupervised learning:


In supervised learning, we use a set of labeled data to train our model.
For example, in a classification task, if we want our model to be able to distinguish between dogs and cats in a 
set of photos, we can use a set of images and label them with cat or dog. After the training use this data,
our model will be able to identify the new image and label it as a cat or a dog.

In unsupervised learning, we use unlabeled data to train the model. The model will analyze the data and find
patterns in it. For example, if we train a model by a set of pictures of cat and dog, but without any labels,
the model could divide photos into two categories and if we provide a new image of cat,
the model will put the picture in the same category as the cat.  


see more on:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GsarhwhJb40lT8EdWOMZbhQpEI7raVUWjBrplpFuZ4E/edit?usp=sharing
