Lesson Goal:

•	Learn the idea of Classification and Regression.

•	Learn the idea of Linear regression.

•	Learn how to use python matplotlib library to print and analyse data.

•	what is a line (y=mx+b)

•	what is best fit.

•	what is Ordinary Least Squares.

•	Learn how to use Python Skit-learn Library. 


Background:

There is a village that needs to build a chicken farm. There are now 87 chickens in the village, 
but no one knows how big the farm should be. You are the builder of this chicken farm, 
and you need to use your robot to build a proper chicken farm for the village. 
The farm should not be too large (villagers do not want to waste money) or too small 
(because it will affect the growth of the chickens). Therefore, you need to find a proper size by your self.
Here are some data from other chicken farms, please use this data to predict the size of this farm and 
help the villagers to build it.


Sample Data:

Farm size: [20,40,60,80,100,120,140,40,50,60,105,48,54,63,72,103,108,93,90,68,36,90,88]

N of Chickens: [15,28,50,68,75,93,130,35,38,78,81,33,40,45,75,70,100,95,60,70,70,110,52]


Student Objectives:

Use Python to find the line that best fits the sample data.

Use your own model to predict the farm size for 87 chickens.

Use your agent to help the villager to build a chicken farm with proper size.



What is Classification:

Classification is the process of finding or discovering a model or function which helps in separating
the data into multiple categorical classes. For example, classify if an email is spam or not. (the output is discrete value)



What is Regression:

Regression is the process of finding a model or function for distinguishing the data
into continuous real values instead of using classes or discrete values. For example, we have a dataset
that contains some data on the price of a house vs. the size of a house. 
Then we can predict the price of a new house based on the size. (the output is continuous)

(GeeksforGeeks)



Linear regression:
This is one of the simplest Machine Learning model. We can use it to find the line that best fits the data.



Squared Distance (Loss):

In math, the equation of a straight line is Y=mx + b 
(X and Y are the value on the axis, m= slope or gradient and b is the value of y when x=0 or intercept). 
So, we should find the best m value and b value for our data, but what is the best and how to find the value?

See graph SD

In this graph, the red dots represent our data. 

The blue line is the prediction line. 

The purple points represent the corresponding Y value.

The green line shows the distance between our data and the prediction line.

We use loss to determine whether a model is good or bad. 
In our graph the loss is the squared distance between red dots and the blue line. 
And our goal is to find the best m and b value for the prediction line that minimizes our loss.



Ordinary Least Squares:

We call the process of finding the minimum loss value as optimization, in this lesson we will learn how to implement
an algorithm called Ordinary Least Squares (OLS):

To minimizes the loss, we need to minimize the mean squared error (MSE) of our model.

Formula for mean squared error: MSE= 1/n Σ (y - y’)2
N= number of elements in our dataset
Y= The Y-intercept value corresponding to the given x value in the data (red dots in the previous graph)
Y’= The Y-intercept value corresponding to the given x value on our prediction line. (purple dots in the previous graph)
And there are equations to help us to find M and B
M=(Mean(ΣX) - Mean(Σ(XY))) / (Mean(ΣX2) - (Mean(ΣX))2)
B= Mean(ΣY) – M (Mean(ΣX))

We’re not going to get into the math behind the formula in this lesson, 
but if you’re interested check out this article: 
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/machine-learning-mean-squared-error-regression-line-c7dde9a26b93/

Python implementation:...

