Shouldn't there me more people testing it during functional testing than just 3 people?
That is a great point especially since the 3 people testing it are bias and as software engineer we do not have the same experience than middle school/high school student playing the game. It would be great if we had a group of high schooler to test our product, maybe not as often as we originally planned to conduct functional tests but at least twice during the development process would be great. 
How much knowledge do the teachers need to implement this in their lesson plans? What format will your mock-ups take? (are they in Minecraft, diagrams, text descriptions?)
We want to create lessons that can be conducted by teachers with no prior experience because most of the teachers who are currently teaching with Minecraft education edition so not have a lot of knowledge on AI and ML. The Minecart Education team does a great job at educating teachers and we do expect that they will take the lesson themselves before teaching it to students. Concerning the mock up the idea was to originally have it on Fiddler and recreate the user experience as close as possible to what the coding version would look like. 
would new lessons be able to be created? or would a complete set of them be finished by the end of development?
Realistically more lessons will be created later, our project will be use as a baseline. This project has been sitting in the client’s backlog for a while and our capstone is a way to get it started but it will be refined and lessons will be added way after our project is done. 
Why did you choose to focus on the middle school group? - Is the final deliverable a prototype?
At first we wanted to focus on them because it was a great opportunity to start introducing some coding while really focusing on the understanding of the concepts. However, we moved to high schoolers because this demographic includes way more coding on our part which is closer to what capstone is supposed to be. The final deliverable is a finished product as in we want to deliver something complete to the client but it can be considered a prototype in some ways because it will be modified and refined by the client afterwards. 
What kind of Minecraft scenario would students use AI/ML in?
There are many ideas that were brought up for example, Minecraft education edition includes a robot, the user could teach the robot (using AI and ML) to kill monsters. This is a great idea because it is useful for the player and it teachers many concept like image recognition and decision making. Another idea was to have the robot got around the world and mine some elements that the user really needs at the moment (such as diamond). Those ideas all have in common that they teach AI/ML while being useful to the user in Minecraft so there is a real motivation behind learning that.  
How would a process of constructing a streamlined course from elementary to high school work?
I think at first the idea was to only introduce concept in primary school, no coding but really teach the mindset and the logic behind AI/ML. Currently this is done for coding with analogy of teaching a robot how to bake a cake for example. Then as we move to middle school, they could start learning more concrete concept like what linear regression means, so we would start putting words on concepts and do some very basic coding with block coding. Then in high school they would use an easy language like Python and start teaching them how to really implement the basic with a real coding language so they could eventually move out of Minecraft and code the basics of AI/ML in an IDE. However, we are now all working on the high school level so the client will have to figure out this progression later when the project moves to this phase. 
why is security important for non functional requirement?
Security is extremely important for education software because it is used by minors in a school environment. That means that the data that can be collected is more regulated (by law), there can be no monetary transaction (regular Minecraft includes a lot of opportunity for monetary transactions, but we cannot have that in a classroom). So, considering our user base security has to be at the for front. 
Will your team have to learn AI to teach it? Will they also have to learn how to teach to younger user groups?
Most of the people in group C do not have a lot of knowledge on AI so yes we will have to learn it to teach it. We compiled some great resources that we can use, there is a lot online for university level students to learn those concepts but that will take some time so it is something to consider. In theory learning how teaching to younger students would have been useful. Since we are doing high school now it is easier. Teacher input would be useful however. 
Will your team be using C++ directly?
We will not, we won’t have access to the source code so we will be using an API made in Python. 
How do planned features leverage minecraft to increase learning
I think the biggest advantage of Minecraft is that people are already excited about playing, in brings a positive mindset around learning. Because of the block-base and creative nature of the game there is a lot that can be done. We will be using many of the features like the robot, NPCs (Non-Player Character) and similar features. On the client side really we are using the fact that they want to play Minecraft to use that to pass on knowledge. 
How does Minecraft help this project to improve the quality of teaching?

Is this a free program? What consists of lessons? What age group is this program for, in the introduction you guys say middle school, then in the "user groups" slide it says elementary school?
This is not free, teachers, school boards or regional educational ministry have to purchase a Minecraft education edition license. The lessons are different unit of learning as of right now there are lessons about history, math, chemistry, coding and more. All the lessons are included in the lesson library they are organized by subject and school level. At first the 3 capstone team working on Minecraft were going to take a different level (elementary, middle school, high school), now we are all working on high school so hopefully that clears up your question.
Each Minecraft group seems to have a different understanding of the intended demographic. Elementary-Highschool has been referred to. Is each group working for different ages?
At first yes, now we are all working on high school level so we can have the opportunity to code.
Did you guys have choice of program stack or was it provided by Mojang / Microsoft?
This was more of a choice by default. Since we cannot use the source code we will be using an API in Python, this API was suggested by the client since it is a way to bring together the Minecraft world and the idea of jupyter/azure notebooks. 
Will you be conducting any heuristic evaluations to gain teacher and student feedback? Will the game be able to operate under poor internet and/or old technology (some rural schools may not have fast speed internet or updated technology)?
In the presentation you mention that the Final Project will be a High Fidelity prototype. Does this mean that you won't be creating the final product but rather a prototype of the final product? You mentioned not allowing anyone to attack anyone else. Are there any other restrictions you are going to place on the users (i.e. chat monitoring, making sure blocks aren't placed in an inappropriate way, ect.)?
Will there be potential to create custom lessons outside the lesson library?
For your testing strategy you didn't mention using any of the github workflows in your continuous intergration is that something your group is planning to use in their testing strategy? What is the plan when it comes to linters? Will the use of a PEP8 linter be used?
Will you be creating and writing lessons yourselves, or simply implementing the interface and software for presenting these lessons? What tools do you plan to use to create your low-fidelity prototypes and early mockups?
How do you guys ensure the security of the program? Any tools used to make sure the continuous integration?
Are you having middle school students program computer vision all within minecraft? Or is it more so covering the topics? If it is the former that seems like a tough one to teach people who don't have years of coding experience.
Will you be building executable (.exe) files using python or just sticking to .json files? Also, for your user group, will you be implementing differently for younger students as compared to younger adults (hs students). Will it be more complex for the older target groups?
Will you have end users (students) test the program?
Will there be resources for the teacher who wants to introduce their students to AI, but do not have a background in programming themselves?
Your milestones don't refer to any coding until the final milestone. Is there a reason that the code has to be left so late?
Who are the creators of the lesson plans and are they a user group? do teachers have to create the lesson plan and tasks themselves?
 when exactly will you begin coding this project? after peer 1 or peer 2?
If I understand correctly, development will not start until the final milestone. Will that be enough time to finish the system?
 It seems unrealistic to do all the coding between milestone 2 and 3 (approximately 1- 1.5 months). What efforts have you taken to scope and schedule your project in order to assure your client that this timeline can be met? This seems like an enormous amount of work to leave to the end.
1.Why is the minecraft education slide all caps? 2. Are you missing a user group? What about the children's parents if they want to keep track of their children's progress? This was unclear. 3. What does NPC mean? (in non-func slides) 4. How do you plan on dealing with children's data? how are you making sure this is kept safe?
 What is the learning arc between the three school groups?
To what degree are you planning to teach computer vision to small kids? As much as the buzz word deep learning stuff is cool, I still think it would be better to teach them the basics of AI including the non-machine-learning stuff.
 Where is more information on this Everglade API?
Who creates or adjusts the scenarios after handoff?
 What library will you be using for unit testing?
How much experience with programming and AI is expected of the teachers and students using the program?
 In reference to the timeline, how do you plan to balance the project so that developing the actual program is not a last minute project?
What kinds of tasks will the student have to solve using machine learning algorithms? Regarding data security, will the data be stored locally on the student's computer or sent to a database? Will the data be encrypted?
Do you include the functional requirements in the slide?
What kind of database server will your project use? Heard you mentioned database in the video but did not talk about it.
What is the order that the students will learn the concepts?
el 1 DFD is hard to understand
What features do you plan to implement in order to make coding easy to understand for kids?
How will you be managing the performance testing between different devices? Do you have access to low-power devices like Chromebooks that schools use?
Could you maybe explain more of what the UI for students will look like?
Are you teaching AI? Or are you teaching them what AI can do and you program the functionality of AI within Minecraft? Will it be assumed the students know how to program in Python before they begin, or will you teach them python within Minecraft?
How you test your program within the game?
How will you ensure that your scenarios you make are effective and the proper difficulty for students?
What assumptions are you making on kids knowledge (i.e how are you deciding what concepts are assumed as possessed knowledge by students )?
Does the "usability" non-functional requirement cover the ease with which the students can grasp the content of the lesson through your program - i.e. the "quality" of your teaching?
Will you not be doing any coding until after the Peer 2 testing deadline? If so, could you explain more about the reasoning behind this?
Will you be automating any part of the testing process?
did you guys choose the tech?
At 1:22, what is that scratch-like coding interface I see in the background? Is that a prototype you guys made?
 I am wondering what the notations of DFD mean
If the tech stack is not required by your client, what are the options (at least 3) you provide?
Do you have a flowchart of how the system works? Is there any environmental constraints for accessing the program?
