October 16, 2020 Client Meeting
Time: 50 minutes
Just Nick and other Liaisons in attendance 

My Questions:
What sort of tools do teachers need? Analytics, supervision? Any additional material so they know the concepts that are being taught?
Story driven, or more ‘classroom’ like?
Should the length of the lesson be similar to the other lessons found in Minecraft Education? Like the Learn to Code lessons.
Bring up Andy’s ideas (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s-NdT8oiwoHu_fbYuArrNaK_NDtK2O9WpMRjfDayISs/edit?usp=sharing ):
Linear Regression and K-Means Clustering.
Should we have more ideas, or try to flesh out our current two?

Notes:

Project totally changed, we are now focused on high school and one topic.
Need to have timeline 
Rossetta stone 
The goal is to introduce AI in a way that they are confident in it, they want to explore it more, and they see how they can apply it to more areas.


There is a websocket
Any app that is capable of making web calls?
Look up Code Connection on the wiki, done as an electron app
Classroom mode is a C# application, look up on wiki
Jeff wouldn’t mind if we went with the Java Mod path, but it’s not as valuable to him - no support from him.

Not really worried about the students who are for sure pursuing CS, they want to get the ones who aren’t sure if they want to pursue CS 	

Look at Kaggle.com











Two options:
Create the platform to enable AI lessons on Minecraft
Leverage platform features to deliver a lesson
Elementary/Middle School problem (Didn’t meet the reqs of the class)

Goals:
Get students interested in AI/ML, “This is interesting, this is fun, I can do this, this is useful”
Focus on the 80% case - not the top or bottom 10%
Approach:
Training the agent
Survive the night (detect and kill mobs) - P1
Find resources - P2
Path find home - P2

Core Idea:
Kids like Minecraft
There are different play styles

Storyboard
Start a lesson (world) where you have the agent.
Agent introduces himself to you
The agent follows you
User teaches the agent
Agent performs actions (that can lead to negative or positive outcomes)




Logging event data from the game
Positive events (mob killed, health increased)
Negative events (health decrease, villager killed)
Environment data - day/night, light level, location, nether/overworld.
How do you detect what is a good/bad mob?
Computer vision?
Entity data - comes with event log from the game


	
