October 21, 2020 Client Meeting

Time: 40 Minutes. 
Only Nick from Team C in attendance.

Storyboard - Convert the agent to an assistant.
Start a lesson (world) survival where you have the agent
The agent introduces himself to you
The agent follows you and records data
Agent recommends obvious suggestions
I noticed this event happened - mob spawned, player died, mob killed, item acquired.

User teaches the agent
How? Jupyer notebook - REPL coding style (Read, eval, print, loop) See wikipedia article.
Sees a list of events (data visualization)
Level 1: Expert rules - if, then
Start coding some simple if then rules. 
Level 2: Classifies events - night is bad, mob spawned is bad (for some mods), player died is bad, player getting hungry. How?
Use an unknown even to see if the model works.
Agent performs actions (that can lead to negative or positive outcomes)
Player is encouraged to maximize good, minimize bad
Example: New mob type is spawned, agent defaults to some behaviour and the player is penalized if it is wrong the action.
Think about ways to use positive reinforcement - agent gives you a gift.
Game loop for maximizing the agent value (predict wha you are going to need, find resources, path find home)
Would be great to share your assistant.

Scenarios
Training the agent
Survive the night (detect and kill mobs) - P1
How do you detect what is a good/bad mob?
This should be in JSON entity log
Computer vision
Screenshot? Look up on kaggle the mob data set.
Find resources - P2
Path find home - P2



UBC TODO:
Create an app outside the game
Electron app based on code connection - Done (on my repo)
App acts like a proxy to the ML system.
What are all the events that Minecraft fires to the connection app?
What is missing (platform asks for the team)?
How do you control the game - move the agent, spawn mobs, change the world?

Implement Agent Behaviour
How does the agent follow the player? Moves where the player moves, turns when you turn.

Logging event data in the game
Positive events (mob killed, health increase)
Negative events (health decrease, villager killed)
Environment data - day/night, lightness level, location, dimension (nether/overworld/end)
How does it log data?
How does the user access data?

App has a method for interacting with the student
REPL style
Suggest jupyter notebook - like kaggle exercise (look at Jeff’s file).
Give access to view

Ultimate goal is to have the kids write code, ie write code to warn me if there is a hostile mob nearby. Collecting data, implementing data, using data for something meaningful.

We may need to create a dataset.

Step1) Set up your own little website, and try and get it into the game. Create a communication channel between Minecraft and the jupyter runtime.


