1.
Issue: The code in the lesson 3 have no comments

Severity: 3 (major usability problem; important to fix)

Violation: Learnability problem

Description:
It is important to have clear comments in the code, especially in a lesson, 
otherwise it’s hard for students to understand the code and learn the algorithm. 

Modification: add more comments in the lesson

2.
Issue: The instruction pages in the lesson 1 are inconsistent

Severity: 2 (Causes slight confusion)

Violation: Consistency and standards

Description:
The instructions in lesson 1 should be consistent, for example the second page needs 
to tell the user that they need to run the code or go to the next page directly after reading the tutorial,
otherwise the user will be confused about what to do next.

Modification: make sure all page have same format, and avoid confusion

3.
Issue: Need more explanation on what is mean squared error in lesson 1

Severity: 2 (Causes slight confusion)

Violation: Learnability problem

Description:
We need a more detailed description of mean squared error, 
otherwise students will find it difficult to understand the rest of the content.

Modification:
Add a graph of mean squared error to help students visualize it.

4.
Issue: The formula in the lesson is hard to read

Severity: 1 (cosmetic problem)

Violation: Aesthetic design and visibility

Description:
There are so many parenthesis in the formula, it is hard to read and understand

Modification:
Write the formula by using mathematical symbols (it’s hard to write mathematical formulas in the instruction page,
so we are planning to use pictures to replace the text.)

5.
Issue: It’s hard to find the  important information in the lesson

Severity: 1 (cosmetic problem)

Violation: Aesthetic design and visibility

Description: All text in the instruction part is in white,
it would be better if the important information can be highlighted. And users can find it easily.

Modification: Highlight important information in the instruction block.

